
<group name>

    Availability for meeting expectations:
        Group will meet during lab time. During lab, group will determine if another meeting for the week is needed and will schedule the next meeting. If 
        the group could not meet during lab they will schedule a separate meeting. Meetings outside of lab should not exceed one hour; if additional 
        time is needed, group with schedule additional meetings. Group will track attendance to meetings in a document in Teams. 
        Consequences will occur after a third missed meeting. Being more than 5 minutes late to a meeting on 3 occassions will count as a missed meeting.
    
    Response time to communication expectations:
        Communication will primarily be held through teams; for general communication all responses should be made within 24 hours. 
        Eceptions include: 
            Weekends - responses must be made by the end of sunday evening. 
            Nearing deadlines - responses must come faster whenever there is an upcoming deadline. Group members should respond to communication by the end of the same day.
            Emergencies - if there is an emergency the individual does not need to communicate within the normal time period, this person must notify 
                          other members of an emergency as soon as possible
            
    Definition of done: when is a task complete? (hint: "I'm done with that but I didn't check it in to github" is not done.):    
        All changes must be reviewed and approved by two other members of the group before they are merged with the main branch, at this point the task is considered complete.  
        If a task is not completed on time then 
    
    Scrum meeting format/frequency and distribution of documentation tasks (meeting minutes, updating task board):  
        Scrum meetings will be scheduled by the group during lab sections, they will last for 15 minutes and be roughly every other day. Each user has the responsibility to 
        update task board as necessary. All decisions will be made by majority vote in the group, if there is a 2-2 tie then Haley gets to make the final decision. 
    
    Procedure for adopting policies (e.g. code style, code check-in steps, documentation updates) 
    if you adopt such a policy during the initial meeting, put it here:
        All code must: follow basic SOLID principles, include reasonable documentation (if necessary), and contain appropriate comments. All members should already be familiar
        with these ideas and have practice implementing them in previous work. 

    Procedure for handling a member who is not meeting expectations:  
        List of offenses other than tardiness:
        - Missing projects deadlines
        - Lack of communication or late communication
        - Not meeting SOLID programming standards
        
        Each offense will get a "tally" in the Teams documents. If a person gets a single tally then the other members of the group will talk to them about their behavior 
        during the next meeing, the individual with the tally has to come up with a sIf a person gets two tallys then the other group members will write an email 
        detailing the problems and send it to the offending party. Three tallys warrants an email to professor or TA about that individuals conduct.
        
    

    Signatures: each member must sign their name by typing their name at the bottom of the document.
    
    Brandon Lauber
    Haley Kloss
    Matthew Keller 
    Ryan Nyemeck


